Well, look, this is not our feedbox
more hooks puts undesirable
because they will be among themselves
get confused
the length of this leash is quite
enough bottom leash of the clay itself
these two are also longer than the top one
swam to himself separately here upstairs
I took a set group to set
firefly because it became big is found in
mostly at night you watch me the whole bait
I will not collect
visibility gathered two knees
handbags
fishing line can be seen but the essence
further she
don't need so first of all we set
100 couples don't care what color it is
razmerchik matter but here it is here
This he goes is sold in Chinese tackle
On the carp place we ship it
from the shape and the inside of the ceramics
outside lead for what is it done
so that the foot pens freely
passed the pattern did not touch so then
put the float float with this
fastening
again for what it is necessary in order
to float freely walked along the line
Now I will collect the way clear
100 couples stop here further
we take a good not less than 20
kilogram he forgot what he is called and
bind good jingle fishing line visible mesh
forget to moisten necessarily because
what
subscription then she tightens herself
worry about the valuable thing it gives you
trim neatly stan feed
all the gear is ready here look
when we start to get it from us
all collected and flies in one bundle
then when she lands the water
turns out that
here is a float here is a feeder hanging friends
sinks to the bottom
by itself she goes where
he needs everything and in this form
tackle will stand in the water here
Respectively prikormka as prikormku
I already showed you cook in principle
everything including